I guess it's very on the frugal chef I
hope you're doing really well today why
don't we make a grilled cheese sandwich
today we're going to make it with
caramelized onions oh yeah this is the
longest it's going to take to make this
sound which caramelized onions just be
patient okay let's don't get nice and
brown and sweet and fabulous then we're
gonna compile it our sandwich with some
cheese of course and some spinach and
tomatoes you know what this is an easy
vegetarian meal it's absolutely
delicious and you don't have to be a
vegetarian to love it let's make this
I'm melting a tablespoon of butter in a
little bit of oil in the skillet this is
unsalted butter I'm going to add a small
red onion which I sliced and we're going
to cook these at low heat for a good 20
minutes until they're nice and
caramelized okay these have been cooking
for about 15 minutes there's some of
them are nice and browned as you can see
i am working as i told you on very low
heat i'm going to add a quarter teaspoon
of sugar to this and a tablespoon of
balsamic vinegar
we're gonna continue cooking these for
about another 10 minutes all right these
are ready they're beautiful i'm going to
set them aside i have two pieces of
wheat bread here which i buttered can
use whatever bread you want for this i'm
gonna place this into a skillet that's
heating butter side down i'm going to
add some grated cheese to this uh you
can use any cheese that melts well you
can use greer azzam mozzarella doesn't
have much taste cheddar now do the same
on the other piece I'm gonna play some
of those caramelized onions on here I'm
gonna place a couple of slices of peeled
tomato on the other one another sprinkle
the tomatoes with a little salt you're
gonna add some spinach leaves on top of
that that's uncooked spinach of course
now we're going to cover this press it
down a little bit so let's try this look
at this beauty the onions and the
spinach of that melted cheese and the
tomatoes oh yes mmm mmm there's an
explosion of flavors in my mouth this is
perfect perfect perfect all of those
flavors match wonderfully this is a
great sandwich guys thank you for
watching this video I really really
really appreciate it if you give me a
like that would be so cool if you
haven't so are you do a sub right here
and please don't forget to share it with
your friends I will have this recipe on
the website waiting for you guys to come
and print it if you want in the meantime
eat well without going broke I'm gonna
see you guys soon